Hahaha
Hello sir
The wife left the house while we weren't paying attention
He may have gone to the party. What did you say?
OK, got it.
What happened to my son?
Xia Meng came out of the house
Maybe it's on its way to the party now
Yang Chen, he wants to come in exchange for your good deed.
I won't let that happen.
Since he is coming
Then I'll have a surprise for him
Are you ready?
We are ready.
Wait for the end of summer
Have fun watching in late summer
Su Mingyue, chairperson of Pangu Group, arrived
It's not the end of summer
Yes, Mr. Su
What surprise did you prepare?
It's okay
Okay.
Who did this?
Mr. Su, I'm not real
Your bucket of water is for Xia Meng
Jia Meng Xia Meng who is me
I am Xia Meng